# Example Angular blog built with Scully SSG

A sample blog app developed with Angular and built as a static site using
Scully SSG (static site generator).

Blog posts are written in markdown files and converted to static html by Scully's
build process.

Scully is a static site generator tool for Angular to build, test and deploy
Jamstack apps.


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.12.

Instructions for developing and scaffolding, building, and testing this project
are found below.

 
## Development server


Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Code scaffolding


Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.


## Build


### Build App as Static Site (Using Angular CLI + Scully)


Run `ng build` to build the project as static-site, generated by first building
the app using the angular-cli and then building the static site using Scully
SSG (static site generator). The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

<br>

Run `ng build:ssg` to build the project as static-site only using scully. Note
that the scully build depends on the angular build to have been run first,
(either by running `npm run build:ng` or `npm run build`) using the
angular-cli before. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.


### Build App as Angular project (Using Angular CLI Only)


Run `ng build:ng` to build the project using the angular-cli only.
The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.


## Running unit tests


Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).


## Running end-to-end tests


Run `npm run test:e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice.
To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.


## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
